
----------------------CUT HERE------- < < < Imagine scissors > > >


     *  P R O P A G A N D A *      * P R O P A G A N D A *

This is a quick overview of the Waffle BBS, and availability
information. At the time of writing, the current version is 1.64.

OPERATING SYSTEMS AND AVAILABILITY

  o   DOS  - MS or PC DOS 3.3

	 $30 for executable (shareware distribution)
        $120 for source code (mailed on 1.2 MB or 720K disk)

	Utilities are included for networking DOS to Unix
	systems with UUCP.

	Program size is about 180k.

	Download a copy of the shareware version from

	  (Anonymous FTP)	simtel20.army.mil
                                PD:<MSDOS.WAFFLE>WAFxxx.ZIP

				wuarchive.wustl.edu
                                /mirrors/msdos/waffle/wafxxx.zip

                                wiretap.spies.com
                                /waffle/wafxxx.zip

                                halcyon.com
                                /pub/waffle/wafxxx.zip

          (via X,Y,ZMODEM)      +1 408 245 7726
				300/1200/2400, 24 hours
                                /files/waffle/wafxxx.zip

	Contact us (address below) for source license.

  o   Unix - several varieties

	$120 for a single machine, source code form.
	Binaries are not available.

	A/UX		Apple Macintosh Unix
        BSD 4.3         Berkeley Unix
        HP/UX           Hewlett Packard HP/UX
        NeXT            NeXT OS
        Sun OS          Sun Microsystems SunOS
	Ultrix		DEC Ultrix
	Wicat Sys V	Wicat's System V
	Xenix		SCO Xenix, 286 and 386 flavors
	386/ix		Interactive Systems

	Program size is usually under 150k.

	Interfaces with your Unix mailer and B or C news.

	The Unix version will multitask (multiple copies will
	not interfere with each other).

	Most of the time it is fairly easy (usually takes
	us an hour) to port to other flavors of Unix.

	Contact us at

	  dell@vox.darkside.com     ..ucdavis!vox!dell

	  Thomas E. Dell
	  PO Box 4436
	  Mountain View CA 94040

SOME OF THE FEATURES COMMON TO BOTH VERSIONS

	o  Internal forums - self contained (no Usenet required)
	o  Full USENET support - DOS and Unix
	o  Unix version interfaces directly with B or C news software
	o  Newsgroups may be aliased to an internal name
	o  Access control, including READ and POST, or by group
	o  Replies, Follow-Ups (including quoted text), Cancel, etc.
	o  Will interface with UUCP/Internet mail
	o  Mail to other Waffle users is kept within the BBS
	o  internal mailing lists may be maintained
	o  Interfaces to external protocols such as DSZ or RZ/SZ
	o  Can create BBS commands to run external programs
	o  BBS commands may be aliased
	o  FILES section within BBS, or you can run an external FILES section.
	o  recognizes terminals in termcap database
	o  accounts may be disabled, restricted to specific shells, etc.
	o  sysops can enter operating system

EXTRA FEATURES IN THE DOS VERSION

	o  the DOS version has a built in terminal program with dialer
	o  DOS version will interface with FOSSIL driver if one is present
	o  includes UUCICO, UUXQT, UUCP, RNEWS and RMAIL equivalents
	o  many "hot keys" to disrupt users online (chat, hangup, edit account)
	o  can provide a newsfeed for other sites
	o  can serve as a mail hub for several other UUCP sites (passthrough)
	o  top-of-screen "status bar" to identify user online

SUPPORT AVAILABLE

Support is available by sending mail to root@vox.darkside.com. We will
make an honest effort to answer whatever questions you have. If you don't
have net access, we can probably arrange something, or you can call the
BBS listed here and leave FEEDBACK.

We are always interested in questions, comments, complaints, suggestions,
ranting and raving, and general feedback.

There is no charge for support, so long as you are nice about it.

ABOUT CONFIGURABILITY

Waffle is extremely configurable. All the menus are configurable;
it is very easy to add commands, either as externals or as
files displayed when a "magic word" is typed. The signup questionaire
may be altered. Certain features (such as COOKIE, FILES, etc) may
be disabled.

There are LOTS of things we haven't mentioned. In fact there is
approximately 400k of documentation available, so we have barely even
scratched the surface.

Both DOS and Unix versions appear identical to the online user. Thus
even if you are mainly interested in the Unix version, we strongly
suggest obtaining a copy of the current version of Waffle to inspect
the documentation (Unix documentation is included with the DOS
version). This will give you a clearer overview than this silly note.

            ...Tom

--
dell@vox.darkside.com
(C) Copyright 1992 Darkside Int'l
